Closes #3 Adding contribution workflow commands to make it easier to minify CSS and SVG files. (#26)
az-digital/az-icons: CONTRIBUTING.md

  download button (the name can be set by clicking the small gear icon next to
  the download button first)
- [ ] Do not use the automatically generated CSS file from IcoMoon, instead only
  add the new icon class declaration (the default stylesheet provided by IcoMoon
  has been altered to enhance usage).

### Getting your change ready for a pull request.
Add your new files to this repository in the following structure.

```
az-icons
├── demo.html
└── src
    ├── az-icons-styles.css
    ├── fonts
    │   ├── az-icons.eot
    │   ├── az-icons.svg
    │   ├── az-icons.ttf
    │   └── az-icons.woff
    ├── png
    │   └── *.png
    └── svg
        └── *.svg
```

Then you should be able to use npm to prepare the new files for distribution.

First install the package dependencies

```
npm install
```

Next use the automated preparation tools to recreate the dist folder.

```
npm run dist
```

See the [package.json](./package.json) for all of the available commands.

## Pull Request Process
1. Create an issue on GitHub with the appropriate [issue type template](https://github.com/az-digital/az-icons/issues/new/choose).

> 2. Create a branch on the arizona-bootstrap repository using the issue type naming convention of `<issue-type>/<issue-number>`. Example: `feature/123` or `bug/123`.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Create a branch on the az-icons repository using the issue type naming convention of `<issue-type>/<issue-number>`. Example: `feature/123` or `bug/123`.
```

3. Make and commit your changes.
4. Create a pull request to be reviewed by the Arizona Digital community. Be sure to include a reference to the issue in your pull request description. Read more about [linking a pull request to an issue](https://help.github.com/en/github/managing-your-work-on-github/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue).

## Policies

> Contributions to Arizona Bootstrap must adhere to Arizona Digital's policies and [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/az-digital/policies/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md).

Author: ```suggestion
Contributions to Arizona Icons must adhere to Arizona Digital's policies and [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/az-digital/policies/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md).
```
